♪♪
[ Bird cries ]
Rak:
I told you he disappeared.
That slow turtle just vanished.
Poof! Like that.
-He did what?
-Princess Endorsee,
isn't he the one on your team?
Yeah, he is, but I don't
really know him very well.
Huh?
He never spoke to me
at all.
I mean, when I first met him
in that field,
he was already
with Rachel.
Careful.
What?
No point in
hiding it anymore.
I think everyone knows by now
she's the girl
that Bam's
been looking for all this time.
Thanks
for the food.
Come on.
Let's at least try to enjoy
our lunch together.
[ Yawns ]
I've already known this
from the beginning.
Only two wave-controllers
can advance.
Lauroe was already
guaranteed to pass.
So, looking at the remaining
candidates, Bam, Grey,
and Hwa Ryun currently
have the edge.
Hwa:
You don't need to include the.
I won't advance
beyond this point.
The one you should be worried
about is a guy named Ho.
His jealousy will drive him
mad sooner or later.
That's when I decided I would
remove Ho from the list.
♪♪
Let me give you
a little heads up
so you don't make
any more mistakes.
Don't take
your eyes off Ho.
My strategy was perfect.
♪♪
I have never changed
or wavered at all.
[ Growls ]
This is taking too long!
Okay,
we're almost there.
Evan if the new examinees tests
are actually over,
by the time you get us there...
I'll cut you.
What?!
[ Grumbles ]
Don't break down my door,
you barbarian!
Hmm?
[ Growls ]
You lost little one?
[ Both grunt ]
This is all
that coffee turtle's fault! Aah!
Chocolate bars!
Oh, chocolate bars!
Hmm?
You're so small,
I didn't see you there.
How dare you block
the great Rak?
Huh?!
♪♪
Huh?
Oh, I'm sorry.
You're so small,
I didn't see you there.
Aaah!
Please, blue turtle,
use your magic bag
to make me big again.
Unfortunately,
it's unable to do that.
If you don't need anything else,
you can go.
Damn it. I'll have to play
with the black turtle now.
Please don't.
You need to stay away from him.
Huh? Why?
Bam won't advance
to the next level.
That's ridiculous.
You know,
that black turtle is my prey.
Forget about it.
He has no reason to --
It doesn't matter!
I'll drag him to the tower
if I have to.
There's no sense in us
arguing about it.
Quiet, blue turtle!
Are you really okay
with that?
[ Scoffs ]
Of course I'm not,
but there's nothing I can do.
I see. Well, let's see
what I come up with.
[ Door chimes ]
Hmm?
Hey, guys,
we need to talk.
Told you.
Rachel can't walk
anymore.
What?!
Yeah, her stab wound is
deeper than they thought it was.
She'll never make
a full recovery.
So I -- I --
You cannot give up!
I won't allow it!
You hear me,
black turtle?!
Wait. I'm climbing
the tower.
Huh?     Huh?
You see,
my legs can be Rachel's legs.
I can take her up
the tower myself.
What the...?
I don't care about the
tower anymore or the stars.
Maria...what if...?
As long as
it's what Rachel wants,
then that's what I'll do.
I'd follow her anywhere.
If I could have given up
everything and said the same,
I can't help
but wonder --
would it have been different
for us?
And, so, um...I'd like you both
to help me with your strength.
Huh? If you're
that desperate,
I'd be willing to --
Count me in.
I would be happy to take you
to the top of the tower.
I can teach you all my dirty
tricks along the way.
Thank you, Khun.
Prepare yourself.
The ride might make you queasy,
but I don't make extra stops.
Rak: I'm going to bite you
into a million pieces
Even though you can't
get up by yourself?
Are you okay, Rak?
Why are you so small?
What?! You mean
you just noticed?!
What a little rascal.
Alright, now that
that's settled, let's go.
Hold on.
-Huh?
Actually,
I need to ask one more thing.
[ Bell tolls ]
Hey.
What's this?
Bam wanted to give
our friend a proper sendoff.
Please join us.
Thanks for coming, everybody.
That's nice.
Everybody?
This is for you.
Don't drink it all yourself.
Leave some for Ho.
I know that, dummy.
♪♪
May I offer a prayer,
as well?
Yeah, of course.
Hmm.
Ship: If we sit here
feeling sorry for ourselves,
he'll be too worried
to move on to the afterlife.
So, let's smile, you guys.
Cheers.
Cheers! Ha!
♪♪
Thank you.
Huh?
I'm glad you could attend
Ho's funeral.
I know
that it's hard.
Mm.
Hey, Rachel?
[ Sobs ]
I'm sorry. I upset you.
Or is it your wound that hurts?
Why are you here?
I abandoned you.
Huh?
I was desperate
to see the stars.
At the time,
you were so clueless and weak,
I thought
you were in my way.
I got so annoyed by the way
you kept following me around,
But I'm just not --
I'm just not the same Rachel
you used to love.
♪♪
So, I guess that now...
it's your turn
to abandon me.
Huh?
After what happened,
you don't need me anymore.
A shining ray
of light.
Huh?
You lit up my dark
and lonely world.
I thought
it was a miracle.
I didn't know that word yet
at the time,
but it's how I felt
in my heart.
I've made
lots of friends,
but you're the one
who set me free.
You showed me the light.
I'm so lucky.
[ Whimpers ]
No one could ever
replace you.
♪♪
I'm sorry!
I'm so sorry, Bam!
[ Sobbing ]
♪♪
Hmm? Hey, guys,
come on in!
You're late.
Get over here, you.
Hey, wait.
[ Chuckles ]
Thank you.
Huh?
You stopped me
during the crown game.
What? Isn't it
a bit late for that?
You're right. Took me
long enough. [ Chuckles ]
[ All snoring ]
You're not even
going to say goodbye?
Well, we gave Ho
a proper sendoff.
I have no regrets.
That's a lie.
My life has been nothing
but regrets.
But now I'm going
to try buckling down
and giving it
all I've got.
Eventually, I'm sure
I'll discover a reason or two
for why I survived
this long.
And you don't think
you'll be able
to find that here, huh?
You can have this.
Huh?
Promise me you won't die,
Ship Leesoo.
I won't.
I'll see ya.
[ Chuckles ]
♪♪
Do you need help
with something, Khun?
♪♪
The test is over now.
The results haven't come out
yet, but I'm sure he'll pass.
Don't worry.
In the next test,
I'll recover the Green April and
the Black March from --
What are you doing out here
in secret Yuga?
Or perhaps...
I should call you
Royal Enforcement Division
Unit Number 67 instead,
Lo Po Bia Ren
♪♪
How long
have you known?
Yuga always shows up
places five minutes early.
I see. So, you've been
watching me for a while then?
Looks like I'll just
have to eat you alive.
♪♪
What a cute little pet.
I've always wanted
to fight Han Sung Yu,
the deep-sea fish
of Evankhell's floor.
You want to fight?
♪♪
Ooh-hoo.
What was that
about fighting me?
This is perfect.
I've been absolutely bored
to death.
It seems no one wants
to challenge me.
No one?
That's absurd.
Hmm?
I have no intention
of fighting one
of Jahad's rankers.
Not in the slightest.
Your mission is
the recovery
of both the Black March
and the Green April,
it is also
to eliminate Jahad.
Yeah, what about it?
I'd be happy to help you.
What?!
In this place,
we determine if an individual
will harm the tower.
I'm the deep-sea fish
that consumes all those
who are a nuisance
to the Jahad family.
Please tell that
to your captain.
Join me for coffee
once you finish your call.
♪♪
[ Scoffs ]
What's his deal?
♪♪
I haven't been
this excited for a while.
So much to learn.
♪♪
Hello, Director.
It's time to start.
♪♪
Khun: One of your people
gave this note to him.
How do you know that?
It's also possible
that it could have been
one of the examinees.
Do you really believe
that's true?
You see,
Ho was given this note
before we were split into teams
for the tag test.
Hmm.
This trap could
only have been set
by someone who knew
Rachel and Ho.
Likely, they would have been
on the same team.
♪♪
I hope nothing happens
when you start announcing
the test results to everyone.
♪♪
Thank you all for waiting.
I will now announce the names
of those who passed
the position selection test.
Fisherman -- Androssi...
Anak...
Dede Cancho...
and Blarouge.
Spear Bearers -- Rak...
Ghost...
Paracule...Aleksai.
But since Ghost
is currently not present,
he's failed the test
See I told you
the slow turtle vanished!
There, there.
Scouts -- Ship Leesoo...
Yes!
Hatsu...
Nare.
Oh, no!
My knight!
Wave controllers --
Bam...
Lauroe.
[ Yawns ]
Light bearers --
Khun...
Michelle Light...
Huh?
However,
due to her injuries,
Michelle has failed
the test.
No way!
♪♪
Seriously?!
I was on TV!
No fair!
you don't like
the results?
Of course not!
Very well.
Come over here, please.
I'll give you a chance
to prove to me
you're worthy enough
to pass.
What?
It's simple.
Endure this for one minute.
Huh?
[ Groaning ]
♪♪
I can't see
anything!
[ Continues
groaning ]
Paracule, help me!
[ Gasps ]
Paracule, you have a problem
with the results, too?
Not at all! I'm very satisfied
with the results.
Alright, then.
[ Screaming ]
Please stop it!
Now, that allow me to explain
to you the final --
-Hold on.
-Hmm?
I'm not satisfied
with the results, either.
Step forward then.
But, Khun --
The road ahead
is going to be a bit rough.
What does he think
he's doing?
Is he crazy
or something?
You already passed the test
with flying colors.
So, what's
your complaint?
I want you
to allow Michelle Light
to take part
in the final test.
Why's that?
Because it's what
my friend behind me desires.
[ Chuckles ]
What?
Excuse me. A member of
the Khun family made a friend?
So, are you going
to approve it or not?
Unfortunately,
she can't in her condition.
The rules forbid her
from participating.
That rule only applies
to test administrators.
Huh?
Let me take the Guardians test,
and it won't matter.
[ All clamoring
indistinctly ]
Long ago, King Jahad
took the Guardians'
most grueling
and difficult test.
He was then recognized
as the ruler of the tower.
Jahad took the test
While, we're the ones
who currently run the tests,
it is true that all tests
and rules can be changed,
but only at the will
of the guardian.
I'll take the guardians test
if you promise
you will allow
Michelle Light to participate.
What the heck's
he talking about?
Quiet, Ship Leesoo!
Huh?
This is unusual.
How do you know about the test?
I'm from
the Khun family.
Does that answer
your question?
The guardians test
is extremely difficult.
It would be a lot easier
to take the normal test.
It won't be
a problem!
We can beat any stupid test
you put in front of us!
You heard him.
Your confidence is taller
than the tower.
Even still,
it seems you're not aware
of the other condition.
What?
Huh?
There's only one
who was qualified
to open the tower doors
on their own.
[ Gasps ]
Wait. You're saying --
Yes. The only one
who can negotiate
to take the Guardians test
is an irregular.
[ Gasps ]
But that means...
If you understand,
then take your seat.
Bam: Excuse me!
Huh?
Let me be the one
to see the guardian.
Mm.
♪♪
You were
listening to us then?
Yes, I was.
That's why I'm asking.
Bam.
Huh?
I -- I'm a --
Well, I'm an irregular.
[ All gasping ]
he's an irregular.
♪♪
[ Snoring softly ]
Come with me right now.
♪♪
Michelle and I cannot
go any further.
♪♪
Umm...so,
what's an irregular?
I don't know,
but are they yummy?
It's pretty simple.
It's someone who came here
all by themselves
as opposed to being chosen
like all of us were.
So, is that
a bad thing?
Well, first off,
they've broken the rules.
Second, it's said
that a great calamity
will strike any time an
irregular appears at the tower.
If we end up
helping that guy,
then will become
outcast, as well!
One can hope that's all
that would happen.
I'd like to point out that
you're currently being offered
a choice
in the matter.
And what's that?
If you all assist Bam,
and you're actually able
to pass the test,
you'll earn the right to climb
the tower by the shortest
and quickest route.
But just know you'll be branded
as an accomplice of an irregular
for the rest of your life.
What's your choice?
Paracule: The choice is obvious!
We won't help him!
After all, what has he ever done
for any of us?!
Well, for starters, you passed
a test because of Bam.
Khun:
Paracule has a point.
Huh?
Hmm?
If he's an irregular,
I'm sorry, but that news
changes everything.
I can't lend him
a hand anymore.
Hey, ugly earrings.
Are you crazy?
Aah!
What are you doing,
Gator?!
I'm going
with the black turtle.
You stupid blue turtle,
you've got your head
inside your shell
because you're afraid
of being eaten.
What was that?!
I hope you live
a long, happy life.
The Black Turtle
and I will be
looking down on you
from the top of the --
Hey, how long you going to
keep up the melodrama?
Huh?
Yeah, it's starting
to make me sleepy.
Someone over there
actually is asleep.
Come on, guys.
Do you really think we should
abandon Bam right now?
♪♪
What's happening?
They're just trying
to persuade all of us.
They want us
to give Bam our support.
I have no interest
in helping that guy.
I just want these tests to be
over with as soon as possible.
I'll do what everyone else
wants to do.
[ All grunt ]
Well, it doesn't matter
what your reason is.
Yes, exactly!
I'm glad I could help everyone
make a decision!
[ Laughing nervously ]
Ohh.
It looks like your
third-rate acting job
paid off in the end.
Shut up,
you puny gator.
Well, I think the majority
of you are in agreement.
All we can do now
is wait for Bam's results.
[ Liquid bubbling ]
Aah!
We meet again, kid.
♪♪